

1. how to define a drop down list in desktop and the same thing with a modal window in mobile.
2. how to change the title bar when search bar is activated.
3. customizing explore option to add more data  and idea in it.
4. customizing extras to add settings, feedback etc.
5. creating a custom input field to input both text and pictures in the same area.
6. how to add bold italics and other option in custom input field.
7. adding an html mode in custom input field so that people can use small html tags to input
	superscripts , subscripts, fonts etc.
8. how to create arrays of ids of different things in a table.
9. cusotmize the tables.
10. writing reversible migrations for everything so that we can always rollback the migrations
11. creating an effective join of the tables and customize it.
12. signing up people through facebook and google
13. adding sharing features through which people can share any public question on facebook, twitter
	etc.
14. creating materialized of question, answer and article tables as every  answer inside a question will go
	together always
15. how to create notifications.
	
	further prospects
	
16. customizing feedback options and privacy options.
17. customizing group features.
18. customizing update profile pic to add features as to what a person is currently doing 
	and the time period in years (means from beginning to end) in a university, college, school,
	or company.

extras which i was not able to add

* allowing people to create a domain(each domain should be a unique means its letters should not coincide
with other domain)
* handling articles and questions answers together(means if we want to show them mingled in a list)
* sending notifications through email
* keeping track of number of likes of an answer.
* managing comments of any answer
* how to report any answer or any question
* how to use glyphicons to represent some buttons( important either we can create or use others)
* on enhancing the tables