1. this is what the home page on desktop will look like. the detailed view of title bar is given in figure 3.
   the circle is where the profile pic will be. detailed view of question or article is given in figure 22.
   article is something where a person can define a title on his own and write about it.

2. the view of home page on mobile. the read write explore notifications buttons will come down. left padding
 wont' be there. detailed view of title bar is given in figure 4.
 
 
3 and 4. 



5.this is what will happen on activating the search bar. the title bar will transform into this.
	there will be option whether people want to search for question article people or domain.

6. same as 5. but we will have to do a customization of drop down list

7. this is what will happen on clicking read button on title bar. In desktop there will be drop down 
	list . In mobile there will be a new modal window.

8. same as 7

9. this is what will happen on clicking on notification button on title bar. on mobile it will be new
	modal window. in desktop it will be in drop down list. blue bar for seen notification, white bar
	for unseen.

10. on clicking explore. all the domains sorted according to popularity will be listed along with description.
	we need to customize it even more.

11. on clicking on my profile window if not signed in. a drop down list in desktop and a modal window
	in mobile.
	
12. same as 11 but it will appear when signed in. needed to customize it even more.

13 and 14.  easy enough except we need to see other webistes to enhance this page.

15 and 16. easy enough but we need to think about how to access system folder by clicking browser or 
	insert image from phone.
	
17 and 18. this is how a user page will look like. the questions answered and articles wrote in will
 be ascending order according to date.
 
 19. this will be same looking as figure 17 and 18.
 
 20. this is what will happen on clicking extras . this needs to be customized.
 
 21. on clicking on reading answers will be same as figure 1 and 2.
 
 22. on click on sign up. a new modal window will appear both on desktop and on mobile.
     if user clicks on sign in but , same thing will appear except that there will be a "sign in through"
	 button. if a person clicks "sign in through" button but he doesn't have an account, his account
	 will be created.
	 
23. detailed view of question or an article.

24. everything about that question will be expanded on the same page on clicking more.

25.  this is how one of the groups will look. a group will be a group of people where they can just 
	ask and answer question to the people of their own group. any outside person will not be able 
	to look what is happening inside the group. every member will be able to add a new member. there 
	will be an option for a person to remove himself from the group.
	
26. there will be an arrow button on top right of each question or article. this view will appear
	on clicking that.
	
27. there will be two input areas . one for text field and one for content. needed to be more customized.

28.same as figure 27 but there will be only one input field either for writing question or writing answer.

	TABLES

29 . this table defines a users table

30. this table defines a question table
31. this table defines answer table. needed to be customized.
32.this table defines article table.
33. this table defines a group table.
34. defines a domain table



extra things which i forgot to add but are quite easy

follow button for every person
a link to view each person's profile